    and
    	Returns the boolean AND of its arguments by returning the
    	first empty argument or the last argument. That is,
    	"and x y" behaves as "if x then y else x."
    	Evaluation proceeds through the arguments left to right
    	and returns when the result is determined.
    call
    	Returns the result of calling the first argument, which
    	must be a function, with the remaining arguments as parameters.
    	Thus "call .X.Y 1 2" is, in Go notation, dot.X.Y(1, 2) where
    	Y is a func-valued field, map entry, or the like.
    	The first argument must be the result of an evaluation
    	that yields a value of function type (as distinct from
    	a predefined function such as print). The function must
    	return either one or two result values, the second of which
    	is of type error. If the arguments don't match the function
    	or the returned error value is non-nil, execution stops.
    html
    	Returns the escaped HTML equivalent of the textual
    	representation of its arguments. This function is unavailable
    	in html/template, with a few exceptions.
    index
    	Returns the result of indexing its first argument by the
    	following arguments. Thus "index x 1 2 3" is, in Go syntax,
    	x[1][2][3]. Each indexed item must be a map, slice, or array.
    slice
    	slice returns the result of slicing its first argument by the
    	remaining arguments. Thus "slice x 1 2" is, in Go syntax, x[1:2],
    	while "slice x" is x[:], "slice x 1" is x[1:], and "slice x 1 2 3"
    	is x[1:2:3]. The first argument must be a string, slice, or array.
    js
    	Returns the escaped JavaScript equivalent of the textual
    	representation of its arguments.
    len
    	Returns the integer length of its argument.
    not
    	Returns the boolean negation of its single argument.
    or
    	Returns the boolean OR of its arguments by returning the
    	first non-empty argument or the last argument, that is,
    	"or x y" behaves as "if x then x else y".
    	Evaluation proceeds through the arguments left to right
    	and returns when the result is determined.
    print
    	An alias for fmt.Sprint
    printf
    	An alias for fmt.Sprintf
    println
    	An alias for fmt.Sprintln
    urlquery
    	Returns the escaped value of the textual representation of
    	its arguments in a form suitable for embedding in a URL query.
    	This function is unavailable in html/template, with a few
    	exceptions.
